I heard you broke up with Kauno.
He gave your family some projects.
I have 20 million.
You take it, leave it.
Thank you, ma'am, I'm here.
There's a 60 million investment contract.
You invest in a gaming company.
You marry family.
This isn't about us marrying our families.
Thank you if you want to beat me with money.
So if that's not the case, I'll give you ten times the amount of Thanksgiving.
Please support the dream of nature.
Two hundred million hectares
You take the money out first.
Of course I have money.
But how can I confirm?
Shea won't back down.
You take out 200 million.
What about I promise?
This is my personal account.
You can see something, right?
You're young.
Sending this much cash.
This doesn't bother rich people to thank for caring anymore.
I will transfer the money to A Nhien's personal account.
It's a free gift for you to remove your armor.
I don't need any terms of agreement either.
Just thank the rich and remember what you promised me.
This is a money order.
Let you see it first.
No need to see it.
If you are too generous
Looks like I'm stingy.
Ownership is great.
Money is tough.
That's right, seven.
I recently asked you to help me stare at the Clerk Yuan.
What's going to happen?